Feces odor are... unpleasant in normal stands. but we consume a lot air fresher for it.
If we can have a device that detect just specific set of smell generate by the Feces then maybe we can automatically crank up the fan that sucking out of the smell of feces.
I am also consider Feces a similar game programming language works, specfiically, Garbage Collection (GC).
GC in many ways are automated. Only few instance, where I have to dealt with during programming, i.e. programming in C/C++ or Objective-C.
I use it when learning data structure or algorithm from scratch. Which I was aiming for clean expression, and high performances as the end goal.
But in real life application, I solely do GC. I got endless tabs open in Browser for research one subject and kept it open.
I also, leave things where it works and don't changes it, so I can always go back to where I have left off.
Put another complication, sometimes my family cleans an area, and I never able to get back to last known state of things were.
So from this example, it shows.
GC consider: States, Timing, Space, User Experience, Cost and Effective.
Garbage sometimes isn't garbage, sometime is.. like Natural Language, or things that we do.
Collector: the creator of States, maintains time information and pointers to spaces. Influences by UE, and CE. 

Second time around from the bathroom:
If we can have simple "mass detect" device, through a laser like near the bathroom fan.
If the change in volume decreases overtime, eventually backdown to normal level, we can conclude the oder is gone.
If the change doesn't decrease overtime and the fan is operated at max level up to certain time threshold, implies either 1 new state is defined or just still busy with work.
But the point is goes around the need to detect odor and focus on nuturalize the particles in the room. Either smoke, or whatever.
* Side notes, in between work of the fan, there might be small bumps in changes for example: a person do work in the room. When he defecate, the change will ramp up slowly, should the change to suck air instantenosuly at a max speed? 
* The site note is the idea that it need to circle back to the information held in the room. In fact, we can capture some textural representation of the Odor without knowing where to start with.  

