There is time that I just want to say, be hopeless.

Much often, we aim to optimize rewards in our gratification.
Often, I think when people want to be in seeing hope of thing，in the cutting edge of advancement, in the middle of prosperity.
I tend to skip all such subject，not because it's not worth doing，rather there is sufficient people doing it already.
UP TO Now，one thing that I still feel hopeless is Chinese medicine， no matter how many times I WANT to learn or understand. 
I still cant seek a truth that I can believe. THERE are many saying that it is a peusudo science. 
But in my heart，that there are so many years of dream and hope，so many generation of study. 
And if whole subject is wrong， maybe just not at the right level of abstraction.
Maybe it was some  pattern thats incomplete, rather consider chinese medicine a bullet proof manipulation of being.

华人多用煎剂，必品数多、分量重而后功效可见，西人则掇取其精华，故所用仅分厘；且金石之性多烈，用之合与否，其验立见。

While working, my mind wonder to the problem I encounter. Ski on steep hills.
At first I force myself to do Black Diamond.
Now, when I follow instructions from instructors. 
I only become more effective and feel comfortable, but the value have transform into something.
All the concerns have transform into single questio, it become how steep I can go and what attittude and the strategy when I am flying down the hill..
The terrain, force us  to let go of fear and be aware and force to change what we doing when facing fear. Like the racers die in Ferrari - Race to immortality or a phase from the lyric (Dream it possible)
"if it takes, takes a thousand lives, Then it's worth fighting for"

So, we we can unwind going after reward, and chase punishment for the things that stop us.
In one dream that I had at night.

I think I cannot do. 
I think and guess I cannot do.

The first case is rational.
The second case is the blend of rational and might be emotional.

For either case, I will think, what do I have to let go in order to make it possible.
There is always a way. maybe just not now, not yet.
